Graph API integration AuthO scope fix (#44592)
demisto/content: Packs/MicrosoftGraphAPI/ReleaseNotes/1_1_68.md

#### Integrations

##### Microsoft Graph API

> - Fixed OAuth2 scope to dynamically match the configured Azure cloud environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the default scope wasn't generated dynamically from the configured Azure cloud environment.
```
